All right guys so we're gonna start on our projects we're gonna create our files and add the H team
L for at least the nav bar and hopefully style it in this video.
We're also going to add the fab Akon to the tab.
So in your in the previous lecture you should have a zip file called Image Resources and what you're
going to want to do is create a folder I called my news grid I created and I am G folder and I put all
of the images in here.
OK so as far as images we have the logo dot PMG which is the main logo we have a logo light PMG for
the footer.
I also include the PSAT which is the photoshop file in case you guys wanted that.
And then there's an icon dot PMG which is just the icon and we're gonna use this to create a fab Akon
and then we have the showcase or a featured dot j peg which is the featured article in the showcase
area and then a folder called articles with all the other images.
So once you get those.
Let's go ahead and let's create our files.
So we're gonna create index start each team l.
We're gonna have an about Dot HMO and we're gonna have an article dot H team L which will represent
a single article and then let's create a folder called CSX inside CSX we'll have a style dot CSX and
we'll have a mobile dot CSX.
Okay.
And we can close all of this except for index each team L and let's open up style CSX OK so let's add
in our boilerplate here and for the title I'm just going to say news grid and let's say latest news
OK and let's link our style sheets so we'll say link and let's do CSX slash style CSX and then under
that we want our mobile CSX.
Copy that down its changes to mobile CSX.
However we only want this to show if the screen is 768 or less so we're going to add a media attribute
and say screen.
And Max with 768 pixels.
OK.
Now we're also using font awesome so let's head over to font awesome dot com and let's say start using
free and then we're going to grab this link and put it right above the style dot CSX.
All right.
So let's take care of the fab Akon.
Now what I usually do is I use a service called dynamic drive.
I've used this literally for about eight or nine years.
So if you search for a dynamic drive fab Akon you'll get this link here it's actually tools dot dynamic
dot drive dot com slash fab Akon and what happens here is you can upload an image.
So we're gonna grab the icon dot PMG and then click Create icon and it will generate a fava Kahn dot
ISIL file or Iko file.
So we want to download that and let's go ahead and grab that.
I already have one here but I'm going to grab that and copy it and then let's bring it over to our root
folder.
Ok.
Don't put it in the image folder.
Put it in the root so we'll paste that in.
Good.
And then all we have to do is add this little snippet here this link to the fav icon and we'll place
that right here.
And I'm just going to remove the slash because it will give us some issues if we just open it with the
file system it won't display.
So let's remove that and that's it.
Let's save let's open with live server and if you don't see the fab icon here you need to just clear
your cash or at least I do because I've already done this so I'm going to on I'm on a Max I'm going
to do command shift R and it will reload if you're on Windows I believe it's shift F five and now you
can see the fab icon displays in the tab.
OK.
So it's as easy as that.
So now let's start to add some markup.
First thing is the nav bar so we're going to have a nav with the I.D. of main NAV and let's put a container
in here to contain everything to the max with that we're gonna set and then we're going to have our
logo.
So image with the class of logo.
It's gonna go to image slash logo dot P. Angie and for the also just say news grid.
And then under that we want our social media icons.
And this is gonna be a grid.
I'm going to set this to grid.
Normally I'd probably use flex for this but I want it right.
I really want to focus on the grid system here.
So each one of these will be grid items.
All right.
So let's create and actually let's give this div a class of social and then we're gonna have a link
with.
I'll do a link and we'll just set this to go to Facebook.
Obviously this would be their Facebook page but this is a fictional Web site.
And then inside here we want to put the whole put an eye tag with the class of F A and it's actually
going to be f a b the social media icons have a class of F A B instead of F.A. s and then this will
be F A Dash Facebook
like that.
OK.
And we're going to also add a class of f a dash to X which will make it larger.
And then since this is an external Web site let's add target equals underscore blank which will open
in a new tab.
All right.
So let's take this and let's copy this down three more times and we're gonna do Twitter.
Let's change this to Twitter the icon and then this I'm gonna do a can command control D so I can choose
the next iteration of Facebook and I'm gonna change this to Instagram and then I'll select this one
control D and then let's do YouTube
all right.
So if I save this we should see this.
OK.
And don't worry we'll make this look better.
The last thing we need in this container is going to be our links so or our list with the links.
So let's do a U L L I say a.
I'm actually going to give this a class of current because I want the current page to be highlighted.
So it's a class current.
It's gonna go to index start each team L and let's say home.
OK we'll copy this down and let's say about changes to about Dot H team L and let's clear this class.
All right.
So it's going to look absolutely horrible for now in the next video we're gonna start to add some of
our core styles and then we'll style the.
Now bar.